Encoded by spidey
You know, you've got a fair amount
of blood on you there, sir.
Oh.
Yeah, it's not even mine.
There was just this... number one.
Hey, listen, I need
you to take this thing off
my hands and just make
it someone else's problem.
Yeah, I mean, I thought my boys were gonna
love it, but... I'll tell you,
man, they will not.
No, it's not.
Yeah, a toy.
So, don't ever call it that.
It's a... it's... actually, I don't know
exactly what it is.
Besides, it appears to be broken.
See, the drumstick seems to be stuck in
the up position.
You do not want the goddamn drumstick to
come down.
Okay?
Because when it does, I promise you...
We are all fucked to hell.
Okay?
Well,
sir, can't speak for you, but... I don't
feel especially fucked to hell.
I don't know if every father passes some
secret horror onto his kid.
kids.
But mine sure did.
My name is Hal Shellborn.
This is me and my twin brother Bill.
Wow.
This is us before everything.
Bill was the kind of kid that would say
shake on it, but then pull his hand back
and pretend to slick his hair.
It was older than me by three minutes and
eight most of my mom's persona.
So that made him my big brother.
I really took seriously and treated me
like a shit whenever he got the chance.
I didn't mean to tell you.
Mom just hates you because you made dad
even though she has to go on dates.
But I managed to love
him anyway, even if I did
sometimes fantasize
about being an only child.
I hate you, Bill Shellborn.
My mom raised us on her own for as long as
she could at least.
And my mom, well, I can remember her
perfectly like it was yesterday.
Your father.
Well, your father went out for a pack of
cigarettes and never came back.
Just me, like an egg and scrap.
And sure, sure, I could have
been one of his stewardesses,
but of course the deadbeat
never took me anywhere.
Just brought back Swiss cuckoo clocks and
bomb dietary.
Nick Knox and souvenirs to stuff are
plausible.
And one day my darling boys, all about
horseshit will be yours.
We know my mom thought
it was a bunch of junk, but for
Bill and me, dad's closet
was full of clues to who he was.
Oh, she is.
Well, that beats the skies.
How's that thing from Paris Frats or
something?
It says organ grinder monkey like life.
I mean, life like dumb shit.
Oh, what?
Hey, give me that thing.
Here.
Do you think this does junk if I turn
this?
Don't build, dad's.
Dad's gone, fuck face.
And I'm his next of skin, so legally,
everything in your mind.
Stupid things broken, anyway.
Don't come in our room, dumb shit.
Shotgun.
Obviously.
Christ, what's worse than a blind date.
You're one of their
teeth when your hands
doesn't kiss a goddamn
frog and see what happens.
Okay, boys.
No soda after you brush your teeth.
And no fires.
And no video games because of the last
fire.
I tried to tell him no fires, but these
boys are nothing but willish.
Thank you, babysitter Annie.
I'll be on my midnight.
Okay, boys, got only one roll for tonight.
Keep your hands off the hot parts of the
table, okay?
I'll try, but... just a man.
I'll pill, knock it off.
Hey!
Maybe an experience like that could have
brought me in bill closer.
But it turned out one freak tragedy wasn't
going to be nearly enough.
I was her head still together.
Oh, yeah.
Today, you're here with Annie Wilkes.
Gone by accident.
Rather in an accident because,
you know, there's no accidents.
Is there a divine plan?
Sure, you know.
Maybe.
Call it a coin toss, you know.
No heads or tails.
But not Annie's head because that is
separate.
That's a separate issue.
You know why her?
So, right?
Why Annie?
Why not you?
Or you?
Everything for a reason.
Yeah, totally.
And it is what it is.
It is what it is.
The word of the Lord.
Everything is an accident.
Or nothing is an accident.
Either way.
Same thing.
It's not if or even how.
It's only when.
Everybody dies.
And that's why I'll die.
And you will both die.
And all of your friends and their parents
and all of their pets and everybody.
Some of us peacefully in our sleep.
And some of us horribly violently died up
with clothesline.
Screaming through duct tape over our
mouths and all that jazz.
And hell with it.
Let's go dancing.
I've been on
the day of a funeral.
But that probably was the happiest day of
my life.
That's funny how quickly that can change.
Hey.
Kid.
Your brother says your dad left your mom.
Let out to pair his friends.
To buy cigarettes because you're a big fat
baby.
You cry all the time.
And man.
Don't you moms deserve better?
I mean, don't she?
So I guess that means your mom will be
wearing the pants in the house now, huh?
I think that's how it works, yeah.
Oh, but see, you're wearing pants.
And two people can't be wearing the pants
in the house at the same time.
So looks like you got yourself a bit of a
pants problem, kid.
Honey, I'm making PB&J.
Oh, wait.
How am I going over my two sons all day
long?
Why don't you put dad's wear and monkey in
our room?
You know I don't go in there anymore since
I found that step sock.
Oh, yeah.
You didn't have anything to do with my
babysitter's head right?
That'd be like, yo.
You really got the hots for that thing,
huh?
I don't.
It's all good.
You can have it, but I got to do say you
want to marry.
I don't want to marry you.
Say, I want to be Mrs. Stupid Monkey.
I want to be Mrs. Stupid Monkey.
I'll say...
I want to suck it's banana.
No, Phil.
No.
Say it or I'll eat the rest of your
placenta, bitch.
I want to suck it's banana.
All right.
You have a deal.
You can have the monkey.
Eat
it.
Yo, Mrs. Torrance.
How she opens, joking his monkey under his
desk.
You're
making devil's food.
I don't fucking want any.
Who talks to their mother like that?
What do you want to say?
What kind of shit am I?
You.
It's because of you that that be built in
this to me.
You know what I'm talking about,
don't you?
That asshole kid who lives in here with
me?
That's Bill.
You want to know something else?
I wish Bill was dead.
Hey mom, you're home.
Is that not ready?
Mom.
No, you've been making it yet.
What the fuck?
The doctors call what happened to my mama,
boomerang aneurysm.
But I was the only one who knew what it
really was.
They said chances of it happening were one
in 44 million.
And that's just another way to say.
It has to happen to somebody.
And that's how it works.
You turn the key and the drumsticks go up.
They come down again when it chooses who
wants to kill next.
It doesn't take requests.
It kills who it wants when it feels like
it.
And it doesn't owe you an explanation.
It's true what it says on the box.
It's just like life.
Son, perhaps it's best.
Shut up.
Hey mom.
Mom, wake up.
Mom?
Mom, that's a funny joke.
Mom.
You
know your anidone, your uncle chip.
Never wanted kids.
No.
Always just kind of
prefer to life where you sit
down and you don't stand
up again until you want to.
Also, we're swingers, but oh well.
I want you to know we're going to do our
very best with you boys.
It's just that our very best might be
pretty bad.
The fuck?
I put the pieces in a garbage bag and made
sure it got on the garbage truck and I
assume that would be the end of it.
After that, Bill and I were never the
same.
I mean, we looked the same because we
were twins and... You know what I mean?
And Ida and Uncle Chip picked up Bill and
me and moved us to Maine.
And I guess I hope we'd left the worst of
it behind us.
They say everything and be replaced.
They say every distance is not near.
So I remember everything.
I'm going to take off your suit,
Bill.
If I take it off and I'll have to put it
back on as soon as there's another funeral.
Or if I don't take it off then I won't
have to put it back on.
So there won't be any more funerals.
Sleep tight, you two.
Why'd you bring it?
I didn't.
I chopped it up.
Don't look chopped up to me.
I'm telling you, Bill.
It's a bad monkey.
It's a bad, bad, killer monkey.
I think he killed babysitter Annie.
Maybe?
Probably, I don't know.
I was going to marry that girl.
I know you would, Bill.
We should try it on purpose to see if
anyone else we know dies.
No, no, we shouldn't.
I mean, what if we get to one of us?
Then I promised her pretend to be sad when
you're dead.
Yeah, me too.
You think you could kill the person who
turns the key or not?
How the hell should I know?
Do you think Mom turned it?
I'm going to try it.
Don't, Bill.
It was a hunting accident, but not the
usual kind.
Uncle Chip was trampled
by a stampede of 67
wild horses in a sleeping
bag on a camping trip.
I overheard the undertakers say
that when they dumped the body
out, it looked like someone
had dropped kick to cherry pie.
I don't mind what the Uncle Chip's gone.
It was kind of an asshole.
I just mind more that I feel pretty good
wasn't me.
But it's got to be done, you know?
To keep it away from the people who might
feel really good about using it.
The Nazis and Russians and our wrong keys
and whatnot.
We knew that it couldn't be destroyed, so
we hoped that we could maybe contain it.
Just get rid of it.
And make it go to fuck away.
And for a long time, anyway, it really
seemed like it had.
I haven't seen the monkey since we threw
it down the well.
But it feels like only a matter of time
before it comes back.
This is me today.
I'm pretty much lost all contact with
Bill, and I'm good with that.
He was kind of an asshole, anyway.
I don't have any friends, and I do my best
to stay away from family.
For fear that if the monkey returns,
I don't kill someone close to me.
But staying away from family, that's
easier said than done.
Hey, Dwight.
Oh, man.
Come in, come in.
Oh, no, it's cool.
I got to run early today.
I got to pick up my kid.
Wait, you got a kid?
Shit, man, that sucks.
Does it look with you?
I know.
No, he doesn't.
But I get seen once a year, so I'm taking
him to a horror heaven.
Well, the coasters, I guess.
Once a year, shit, man, that sucks.
I bet you expect some type of megabitch,
huh?
Oh, no, the once a year thing that was my
idea.
It turns out I'm kind of a bad influence.
Here comes trouble.
Who you?
It's not like, you know, I've beheld a
pale horse, and on it was a pale writer,
and the writer's name was, you know,
death.
But, yeah, that has been some of the
other.
Shit, man, that sucks.
Of
our rental energy transferred from you to
me.
Peter's been asking about you more and
more how.
Man, it's breaking our hearts.
About me?
What about me?
What?
Because your his father,
and he's doing a family tree
school project, and like or
not, you're one of the branches.
Look, I care about Peter.
I do.
I care about him a lot.
Like, a lot.
Just now, when we were on the couch
together, I took your power.
Well, well, well, well, I never said you
could take my power.
It doesn't matter anymore.
But Ted has decided to legally adopt
Peter.
What?
And once the adoption
is finalized, it won't
be necessary for
you to see Peter at all.
But you can't just do that.
You can't just do that.
That's the leading expert in my field.
Can't I?
Listen, you and Peter have this time.
So just take the week, lock in some nice
memories, and then cleanly cut it off.
Like a vestigial tail.
That's what you want, isn't it?
No.
It's not what I want.
I want to spend time with Peter.
It's just, you know, a vestigial.
It means something that has become
functionless.
And as a result, there's no longer
necessary.
I know what it means, Ted.
I'm sure you do.
I do.
Well, I have your power.
So, well, like, Peter wanted your bushes
on the way in.
So... Now, this is the part where
I suggest that we... I miss all.
I miss all for what?
For all the marbles.
And by marbles, I am of course referring
to your little balls.
My...
Honey.
Oh, Peter.
Hey.
Hey, buddy.
What are you guys talking about?
It mean it reminds you of your dad.
You're talking about the shitting grin or
the hairy back-and-ons.
Did you ever wonder where he is?
Oh, dad, I mean.
Baby, that ain't worth it.
But if you're really looking
for an answer, I'd have
to go with either at a card
table or under a hooker.
Yes.
Mark, come on, I have a cross.
It both sounds honey.
If you want a drag.
But you're still thinking
of selling that monkey
thing to the nut who
never leaves his house.
I'm gonna be ever even met this guy
face-to-face.
Sounds like a real fucking pervert to me.
So, do you have any brothers or sisters?
Is that your family treating?
I'll give it away.
Okay.
So, brothers, sisters?
Yes, no.
Oh, no.
No, it's a both.
Yeah, no, neither.
Let me tell.
Just like me.
What's your mom's name?
Lois.
Your mom's name is...
I'm gonna get a late time.
She'll get you some dinner, huh?
Oh, if you want me to like survive.
Yeah.
Cool.
Everybody did it.
Christ.
Hello.
How did you know I didn't reach me,
Bill?
I haven't heard from you in about five
years.
I haven't seen you in like ten.
What do you mean the police?
I have to.
It's like that.
It's no more.
Oh, shit.
I guess she was kind of old.
Was she sick or something?
Well, actually it seems the old girl was
having someone.
Okay, and what?
Someone has to go through her belongings
and you're in the next of kin.
Technically, you're the next of kin,
Bill.
And this is my week with Katie,
so no.
You're weak.
That's all you get with your son.
Also, you're weak.
What do you want, Bill?
Go to an item house and make sure it isn't
there.
It is at the bottom of a well.
It can teleport and
you interchange.
Jesus.
Why would it be at an item is anyway?
Because it attaches itself to our family
and likes to kill us.
I don't want to die in prison.
You don't want me to die either.
What am I supposed to do?
Drop it from a fucking plane.
You're probably bounce.
No, you've never let it out of your sight
again.
So no one turns the key.
I'm presumably you don't want Katie to
stop talking about Katie.
The monkey must be vanquished.
Why don't you van?
Where's Bill?
You're smaller.
You go.
Bill.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Katie.
We got to go.
What's going on?
What the fuck?
Hey, language.
And we got to go.
All right.
They were there.
There was a thing outside.
It wasn't a thing.
It was one.
And either way, we got to split.
All right.
So come on, let's go.
It's the middle of the night.
Are you high?
No.
I wish Jesus Christ.
No, I don't do drugs.
I mean it.
Come on.
Let's go.
Hurry up.
I'm going to bed.
We're your mate.
Hey, Katie.
Sorry about that.
It's just my entire diet.
I've got to deal with a lot of our stuff.
Can I ask you a question?
I'm really aware that he didn't.
How'd your mom die?
Just for your family tree
thing, because usually
family trees are about
to lose in the wind.
It's not that wise in the house.
Was your aunt the one that raised you
after your mom died?
Yeah.
Yeah, she did.
Maybe you could take me to your own house
with you.
I can help you with your stuff.
And you cannot come over with my baby.
Why not?
Because it's depressing.
All right.
We're supposed to go to a theme park.
Not into, you know, darkness and death.
I know about the adoption home.
Oh.
And so you can either just cut me off and
cut this off.
Or you can spend the rest of it.
Every little time that we have left
together.
I wonder
if one lowers what he chosen.
What are you doing in here all alone now?
Where do I not want to know?
Just thinking, I guess.
Oh, yeah.
About what?
I don't know.
The future.
You got me in vice.
Well, take care of your teeth.
And take care of your gut.
Take life as it comes.
You know, the worst thing you can do is
try to force it.
But really, I think that the most
important thing for you to remember is...
Try not to kill everybody around you.
Aah!
Beanie.
Ready?
Hey, Beanie, buddy.
Check it out.
There's a place in town.
They'd just try nothin' lessons.
I feel like it's one of those things.
We were really good at it.
And you aren't.
I want to come and listen to find out.
Hey, funny.
That's funny.
Yeah.
We were kind of funny too, huh?
Oh, and they do weddings.
Hey, yeah.
We're doing me a favor.
All right.
We're in the car.
All I deal with is...
What?
No way.
I want to see your old room.
Let me do it in the movies.
No, Beanie.
You want to.
Just because...
Because I said so.
All right.
Fine.
Then I have to go number two.
What?
Why don't you go to the motel?
There's a lot you don't know about me how.
For instance, I'm one of those kids that
can only go poo in a house.
Everything's serious.
That's a tough bet to lose how.
Jesus Christ.
Hey.
Hey there.
Sorry.
Oh, I know I'm going to go down.
Hey there.
How are you?
I'm Barbara.
You must be Hal Shelborn.
Your brother Bill Shelborn said you'd be
coming.
Oh, yeah.
Right, right.
Hi Barbara.
That brother Bill of yours is quite the
character, isn't he?
Yeah.
Your brother Bill, I mean.
Yes, yes.
He's quite the character.
Yeah.
Wow, who's this little slugger?
Oh, this is my son Petey.
Oh, hello there.
Oh, no thanks Barbara.
I'm just a kid who doesn't buy many
houses.
But I also didn't know that I have an
uncle.
So, yeah.
Thanks for that.
It's funny because I actually asked Hal
here if he had no siblings yesterday.
But he flat out lied to my face.
But it's cool.
He's only gonna be my dad for like a few
more days anyway.
Because he's being swapped out for a
leading expert.
Yeah.
Okay.
Well.
So no card.
Okay.
No card, yeah.
Were you and your aunt very close?
Sure.
Is this all her stuff?
I feel like she had more stuff.
Oh, well, we did have that estate sale
that day after she died.
We had a great turnout too.
Must have made over a hundred dollars.
Right.
Now, let's see.
That would have been on Sunday.
Because ever since Monday, things have
been a bit messy around here.
Yeah, your aunt, of course, was Monday.
And then, oh Lord, first thing Tuesday,
it was Mitch McDonald's.
And then Wednesday was Bert Bergerson.
And then Nancy Risoli.
Any cobras and mayonnaise, are there?
Well, there was the one.
No, every day since Monday, at least one
casco local has just poof.
Sometimes two, or three, or four,
or even five, casco locals have just poof
and poof and poof.
Great, yeah.
Yeah, no.
I get it.
Can we look at the other closet?
Is this where I think?
Absolutely.
Follow me.
Poof.
Your fucking twins?
No, my mother used to always say whenever
there was a plane crash, or a school bus
going off into the river and mass
fatalities, or what have you.
She used to always say, looks like God's
bullying strikes tonight.
Oh, that's odd.
I don't remember locking this.
Yeah, you wouldn't
have to remember if my
aunt had a wind-up toy
monkey at the archer.
No, I don't think so.
Oh, not a cherished childhood memory now,
was it?
Oh, first little furry friend filled with
whimsy and wonder.
No, it is.
No, no big deal.
Oh, okay.
Nope, not that one.
How are we doing that key?
Oh, don't you worry.
You're pretty little head.
Oh, Marcy, did I say that out loud?
Watch out.
You are pretty, though.
You know what?
I actually think we should go down.
We should go down a little process of
elimination.
No, no, no, no!
Is everything abandoned?
Yeah, everything's fine.
And you were just standing there,
hands to yourself.
Is that right?
Yeah, that's right.
And do you know there was a gun in the
house or not so much?
No.
I'm going to have to ask you.
Don't leave town until we can figure a few
things out.
No, no, no, officer.
I promised my son that I was going to take
him to horror heaven.
I'm actually officer.
We moved off going to horror heaven.
This is obviously far more important.
Smart kid.
Find a motel.
I'd say stay here, but it's a goddamn mess
in there.
I mean, have you actually been up there?
It's like that restaurant.
Spaghetti city.
Yeah.
Hey bud, you want to win the car?
That's your favorite thing for me to do
anyway, isn't it?
Just stay away.
Am I able to.
Yeah, look, we're fine, but the mucky's
not here.
And I had to have a
goddamn yard sale, so it could
have been, but now it could
be anywhere with anyone.
Well, that's not good.
That's bad.
Yeah, it was all kind of shit happening in
town.
People dying in not normal ways.
Please don't mean I can't leave.
Go to a motel.
I'll wait my signal.
Oh, wait your fucking signal!
Wait, Bill, where are you?
Bill, are you living in town?
Sound born.
No.
Mrs. Monkey?
This
is in regards to my head.
I'm happy the report key is over.
Thank you for going, and be safe out
there.
It's
my moment to use slip from my fingers.
I suddenly knew the terrible truths about
everything.
That my dumb shit brother had turned your
key and killed my mom.
So I went back to get you as soon as I
could, but you were gone.
Leaving behind a sign for me and only me,
that one day you'd be back.
And so I waited.
And for the longest time, there was
nothing.
A hundred percent pure medical grade,
nothingness.
There you were.
Just
to test the sun, the moon and the stars.
As if you had always been looking down on
me.
Letting me know what I had always wanted
to be true.
That you'd come back to help me seek my
revenge.
I returned to the places
where I thought you might be
foolishly believing that I
could make you appear again.
That it was I who might find you again.
So I made myself ready for your turn.
We're working my old childhood funeral suit
in anticipation of, well, more funerals.
And so that I'd like once again,
bear witness to your terrible glory.
So I looked in the home of a pale horse.
And his name that sat on him was death.
This is my key.
And now here we are.
Together at last, with only one thing left
to do.
Anyhow, infinite wisdom.
I trust you, flaming sword of
righteousness.
I'll cut the foul air, and smite the right
person.
And I know you know exactly what I'm
talking about.
Excuse me, they're sucks.
What?
What is it?
I'm extremely busy.
Well, I hope this isn't weird,
but I was wondering, maybe I could give
you your 15 bucks back and instead I could
just keep the toy monkey thing.
It's not a toy, don't ever call it that.
Does it hurt very much when you think
Ricky?
Well, I thought well, well...
Did you know that 27% of all
English-speaking people will either say,
oh shit, or holy shit before they die?
Now it's funny, because death is the one
big thing that'll happen to all of us.
And yet we still can't help but be.
Right on, man.
So anyway, it's not...
It looks like you, but that's like,
uh...
What if Peteie turned the key?
So, could I have it back?
Never.
I'm going to find the monkey not to fall
in love with it.
No, you owe me you're the factory!
You're most yours!
You got any extra bullets?
What caliber?
Yeah, you still got some of Barbara's
loadin' you.
Yeah.
That accident's happen.
Can I ask you a question?
Nope.
You ever killed him?
All right.
Jesus.
This mom, no?
No, all right.
I haven't killed anybody.
Of course, I haven't killed anybody.
Look, when we get back
to the motel, I'm going to call
your mom, and I'm going
to tell her what happened.
If you don't think I'm not sick to be
around, then... You should be right.
So, Ted, what just to tell me?
You'll never have to see me again.
You better have a Ted, all right?
Believe me.
Look in there.
Hey, Pete.
Well, I'm here if you need me.
You just do your thing in the bathroom,
okay?
Yeah, not.
If you want to have a talk, we can have a
proper talk, all right?
Yes.
It's me.
You haven't done it.
I know, baby.
Come on, Bill.
This isn't what we need.
I know you'll have it.
What am I?
Stop turning the teeth.
These arms aren't fucking
long enough for articulate
enough to reach back there
itself, so somebody has to.
And also, no.
Jesus fucking Christ.
Bill, these are innocent people.
Look, I don't care about me.
All that matters is the PDF safe.
So stop turning it.
You want me to stop turning the key?
Bring pity to me so he can turn it in
instead.
What?
No, why?
The person who turns the key never dies.
You know, that's where the kids have to do
now.
What?
What are you talking about?
Where are you, Bill?
If you want pity to be safe, all pity has
to do is turn the key and keep turning the
key forever and never and never and pity
will never die.
Listen to me, Bill, all right.
Let me get pity out of here.
Then we'll talk.
All right, we will figure out what we're
going to do.
Either I keep turning the key or pity
turns the key.
We'll call me back when you made your
decision.
Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, Bill.
Hey, pity, pity.
Hey, pity.
Hey, buddy, we got to go, all right.
I got to take you back to your mom's.
pity, open the door.
Come on.
pity.
pity, open the door.
Come on, we got to go right now.
Jesus Christ.
I'll have a heart attack.
Or do.
You want out of my life so bad it might
just be a nice shortcut.
What the fuck?
Why didn't you answer the door?
Why would you even
have a kid if all you're
going to do is just keep
yourself away from me?
I didn't exactly know what I was doing.
All right, I was just a stupid,
dumb kid.
So I was an accident?
Is that what you were saying?
Everything is an accident.
Yes.
Well, nice woman.
Great to hear.
That's not funny.
Yes, it was an accident, pity.
But you're not a mistake.
I'm so glad you're here with me.
You're very precious to me.
That's why I stay away because I come with
all sorts of weird baggage.
And I don't want you to have to deal with
that.
Like what?
Like bad stuff, pity.
Like evil stuff.
Stuff that I got from my dad and I don't
want to pass it on to you.
What are you talking about?
Like what?
Like...
Open up to the motherfucking police!
All right, all right, all right,
got it.
Shut up!
Relax.
Just relax.
Get the keys.
Come on!
Okay, okay, okay,
okay, okay, okay, okay.
We can't go for a little drive.
All right, stop here.
Where are we?
Huh?
What's your brother's house?
Where's fortress?
Don't pretend like you don't know where we
are.
I don't know, all right, we're...
You know, we're estranged.
Shit, man, that sucks.
Shut up!
Okay.
You... You go inside.
You make nice with your uncle.
You get me the monkey and you bring it
out.
Okay.
What monkey?
It's got a little red vest.
And it holds a drum and I need it.
What is this guy now about a monkey?
And I don't.
He doesn't know about the monkey and he's
not going in there.
It's a toy monkey.
Don't call it that, all right?
It's not.
It's evil.
It's basically the devil, all right?
It's a toy monkey.
I was gonna tell you when you were older.
Okay.
You've been a god damn deadbeat dad
because of a toy monkey.
What the fuck?
Hey, language.
And yes, but that's why we have to get as
far away from this place as possible.
You got to hope that you get that god damn
monkey because I'm gonna shoot this guy.
All right, just let me...
Let me go in there with him.
No!
There is a doggy door
around back and you're
kid better hope that he's
scrawny enough to fit.
You don't call the cops or do anything.
You get in there.
You get me the monkey.
Or I swear I'm gonna shoot you both a lot
of times.
He's not going in there.
Shut up!
All right.
Go.
Hell.
This is some fucked up shit.
I know.
It's whatever you do.
Don't turn the key in the monkey's back.
Okay, okay.
Fuck.
Huh.
They're kinda cool.
I guess.
You know, really a cop, right?
Shut up.
Of course not.
I hate cops.
And my dad was a cop.
Still is.
For all I know.
You know, my mom said
he was out chasing pussy, but
I'm all like there's pussy
here in town, you know?
Yeah.
Whatever.
He left.
And that's why I hate cops.
We're also the cops, you know?
She's the best reason to hate cops.
What the hell is that doing there?
All right, what were your brides?
Hit it with my brides, okay.
Oh, gross.
Shut it off.
I'm cutting it off, Jesus.
I'm trying to finish my twister.
I'm so pretentious.
We'll cut the foul air and strike the
right person and only the right person.
Oh, Bill?
Peter, what a nice surprise.
You okay?
Tell me.
Yeah.
You.
There's been a lot of times since anyone's
asked me that.
And I'll let you mention it.
No.
I'm okay.
There's my favorite toy from childhood.
It's supposed to play the drums,
but I think it's stuck.
Would you fix it for me?
It was your grandfather's now.
He brought it home from one of his trips.
He was a pilot.
He was a pity-till.
Did you know it?
I don't know if it tells me anything.
Of course he doesn't.
So this is it, then, huh?
The thing that most of them were not?
No, good.
It's just a toy.
Why don't you try turning it?
Well, we just need a different touch.
Yeah.
Turning the key is just simply something
to show.
More men have been doing for generations.
A tradition, if you will.
But if it's not for you, then it's not for
you.
What does it do?
Turn the key.
See what happened.
You want me to back up?
You're fucking moving.
You're okay.
Is it working?
I had a stupid cop hat.
It's crazy, it's...
What?
I'm getting so fucking Christ!
How's we going with that pistol,
huh?
Yeah.
Totally.
Yeah, great.
Oh shit.
Fuck!
Hey.
Turn the key right now.
What?
No.
They give me the fucking monkey right now.
I'm not asking myself anymore.
Do it.
Kill him.
Don't shit, brother!
Don't know!
Good.
Come here.
Fight the goddamn front.
God.
Fuck it.
I can't make you.
God damn it!
God!
I'm just so goddamn strong.
Hey.
Hey, pity.
Jesus Christ.
I thank God.
Come on.
God!
Damn it!
Real.
The drumsticks still have pity.
Hell, I'm shit.
That's all you can say at a time like
this.
You fucker.
Don't shit.
Fuck.
Fuck you.
Jesus Christ, though.
You're really trying to kill me,
would you?
Of course it was.
That's what all this carnage was for.
Could have killed a peaty.
Could have killed my fucking son.
Never what?
Why?
Because you killed my mom.
I know you wanted to kill me.
But the goddamn name doesn't take
requests, obviously.
I've been turning the keys.
You had my everyday's.
Listen, Bill.
It's not my fault.
I wasn't anybody's fault.
Not as deserved what happened to us.
Just happened to be there when it did.
Mommy?
I'm sorry, Bill.
But I guess I gotta go now.
Everybody dies.
And that's life.
I'm sorry your mom died.
Fuckin' sucks.
I know you're feeling.
She was my mom too.
Oh yeah.
I guess you are.
Never thought about it like that.
And it's a mistake I guess.
Sure.
Makes sense though.
We're brothers and twins.
Right?
I'm sorry.
I wish we could have been there for each
other when my kids.
When we're here now.
When you say no.
Brothers again.
Sure.
I'm sorry.
So why'd you two wanna some kind of road
trip or something?
Yeah.
I'm gonna...
Father's son road trip.
Right?
I would like to have done anything.
Somebody at least once.
So come with us.
So Uncle Bill pretty much... I'd
have to tell when you grew up huh?
Yeah.
You know I get to have everybody dies.
I mean that's life.
But this is like everybody dies.
You know what at the same time?
So...
What do you wanna do now?
I guess we gotta figure out what we're
gonna do with monkey.
We keep it close.
We accept that it's ours and we hold on
tight.
Hey, I just got an idea of what we should
do right now.
Let's go dancing.
Dancing?
Yeah.
Like with our bodies?
Where did that stick come from?
Counts from your grandmother.
I'm below us.
Cool.
Yeah that's cool.
Encoded by spidey
Preuzeto sa www.titlovi.com